---
layout:     post
title:      "Confessions of a troll"
subtitle:   "Originally posted as 'Gotta Say...'"
date:       2015-10-25 21:52:00
author:     "Nick Androulakis"
header-img: "img/post-bg-03.jpg"
---

1. I've been busy procrastinating about more important stuff than this shitpost, so because you probably don't even care -and I don't blame you- let's just quote this one away; "Oh I am sorry Frodo" pause for drama "...I was delayed.". "Well, screw you Gandalf, I almost turned into wraith" #lotrQuotes

2. Maroumi and I declared this following, shared, year in Geneva as a wine tasting season, but first things first. Maria -> Marouli. My roommate -> Mah roomie -> Maroumi. So where was I? Oh, yes, wine. When in France, you have to understand, there's actually lots of wine involved. Red, white, rouge; you name it. We have not yet tasted bad wine. Of course some of them are clearly better that other, setting high standards but you can get proper wine for 2-4 euros, a bottle at a supermarket. And then there are these wine tasting events every now and then... I mean a wine tasting year with inner wine tasting weekends, with wine tasting days in those too, you get the picture; It's #wineception. Sorry beer, you have to try harder this year and fight to keep your place in my blood. 1437 Kozel. 1437 is code for "I love you forever"; a character counter. There you go, facebook friends, you get to learn something new, however not important at all :). You are welcome.

3. Roundabouts; I am all about them. Seriously, a friend of mine claims I'm obsessed. But let's be real, what's not to like? Lemme break this down for ya'all. First of all, roundabouts are circular. Appreciate the symmetry, kid. Ok, crossroads can be symmetric too but are they, really? Most of them look like dancing ravers in the 90's even if most of the ravers see circles anyway. Moreover, a roundabout is practical in a way. You know, in case you like it too much, you can stay there, forever lost in the moment, going around it screaming "ROUNDABOUOUOOUOUUOOUT, while fighting back the centrifugal force. And trust me when I say; the force is strong in this one  B| . But most importantly, they control traffic better than f*cking traffic lights AND THEY ARE NOT EVEN CALLED TRAFFIC ROUNDABOUTS. And why would they? There is never traffic around a roundabout -except for Ilioupoli, but that's a bad, bad, sad implementation.- so that would be dumb. I mean you can't just run past a roundabout and cause an accident. You have to stop #justStahp. I made my case and now I see circles. #kyrile

4. I think I have developed an addiction for cheese. The variety of cheese in a french supermarket is crazy - or "it's cray" if you are an Obama fan- and I made a vow to try everything I can. So I am not sure if it's an addiction yet, however I do eat some cheese daily. And there are these moments in the night, I would open the fridge for bacon, but now I do that for Gruyere too. Just to be clear, I am not eating it, I am checking on it. I want to make sure that the cheese is there for me, just in case I need it, you know, at 4AM. There is, also, a high chance that Maroumi eats the Gruyere while I am fast asleep. Damn you, sleep. Damn you, Maroumi. Damn you, cheese #damn. I mentioned Gruyere once too many times now, but we have a special connection <3. There is a story behind how we met, but I'll get to that later. I'll just say that it's the best cheese I've ever had, like the king of cheese(s) -or the queen; I'm not sexist- the mayor of Cheese town, like Parmigiano and Graviera had a baby -_-. Oh and it's not french, so SUCK IT France, you and your excellent -but not good enough- cheese. Whatever, maybe I am a cheese addict, but I'm going for the fridge and there's nothing that can stop me now haha HAHAHA-it's actually hard to type an evil laugh :/.

5. Inflatable beds, hmm. At this point there was something to be said about inflatable beds -I made a note and everything- buuuut I have no f*cking clue. And that's why you don't just keep keywords in your notes, especially if you don't plan to expand them sometime soon. So I'll tell you what I remember. I am pretty sure that the origin of this note goes back to a dorm room in EPFL in early October. It probably had to do with some funny thought about either my lower back pain or the perception of flying in your sleep because of the floaty experience they offer, enabling mad movement skillz in your dreams. Thing is I might have been a little extrahappy- aka drunk, because... Lausanne- so whatever it is about inflatable beds, has a fat chance of being neither funny nor interesting at all :/. So let's focus on my poor note keeping skillz. I'm bad. I write just random words/phrases down regarding stuff happening around me, trusting myself -Have I met me?- to remember later what it's all about. The fact that this is the fourth bullet I am expanding, having another ten of them in gKeep, is giving me the chills. We can do this brain! I trust you. #brainTrust

6. Have you seen the "Back to the future" trilogy? Yeah, me neither. However there was this event organised by CERN Cinema Club, on the 21st of October, because on this day of 2015 the main characters arrive at the future. So it's this unique moment of a lifetime -blah blah :P- and there was this scheduled "back to the future 2" screening at a big conference room at CERN. The movie itself was neither good nor bad, but the most enjoyable part was actually the audience. Most of you may know I'm nerdy, or so I thought. People were seriously overexcited about the whole thing. You could feel the nerdgasms taking place around you and literally hear the heavy breathing involved xD. At some point, I think I saw a dude lip-syncing a whole scene of the movie; that's some massive commitment, kudos! Maybe I am exaggerating just a bit, but these CERN employees did have much more fun than I did, clearly due to different reasons. I jelly. Nerdy me, if you read these lines, please come out and play. F*ck it, Star Wars marathon this week.

7. So we are in Lausanne for a night and we are crashing in an EPFL dorm -Oh not this story again... Facebook friends trust me, I remember this one.- So we are being accommodated, Eli and me, by Bojan -a Serbian fella, friend of a friend; two times friend- and we get in the dorm at 3AM, more or less, after some beers. So we decide to go to sleep right away cause we need to wake up early in the morning and we inflate the inflatable bed- I swear this in not about the bed :P- when our host is like "Guys, do you want some Gruyere?". "I actually never had Gruyere before" I reply, while I watch him slice the cheese that is about to blow my mind away -everywhere around the place, like little Annoula after the explosion-. AND THIS IS HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER #booooom. But actually this is not what this is about. So we get out of bed to eat Gruyere and we start chit-chatting when this girl knocks the door and starts to argue that we are too loud. Too loud on a f*cking Saturday night; I mean seriously? We don't talk back at all and we say we'll keep it down. Aaaand in five minutes there she is again and she is really pissed, like REALLY mad. I know when you're drunk you may not control your audio output perfectly but we were not that loud. There is a little bit of argument this time but nothing major. We end up going to to bed after this huge buzzkill :/. We all agreed in the end it was Gruyere's fault. Damn, Y R U so GD?

8. We went to Broc to visit Callier's chocolate factory and there was a lot of chocolate involved. During the first part of the tour, though, we did this interactive part where you walk through rooms while a narrator expla- actually I just want to talk about the narrator, the rest is neither important nor interesting. This voice was so deep and epic that it didn't fit the whole concept. I was feeling this chocolate history experience was about to switch to middle Earth at any moment with orcs and goblins running through the walls! And every time he referred to Coco beans the earth would quake and the skies would thunder. F*cking COCO BEANS maaaan. He put those twice in every sentence at least. He started talking about chocolate and ended up with the French Revolution involved, and of course there were COCO BEANS EVERYWHERE. I started to wonder whether the whole Revolution was just a big french #sugarRush. It's always down to Liberté, égalité, fraternité... and COCO BEANS! B|

9. Around here drivers tend to respect pedestrians a lot, for example waiting before zebra crossings for them to pass. You know, borderline politeness that greek drivers don't understand. But now that I have to be one of them, I try to behave while driving. Good thing is I found this new hobby of mine. I force people to cross streets. Yes I do that. So I see three random guys standing on the pavement, just talking to each other, with clearly no intention to use the zebra crossing next to them, I just stop in front of them. I play the waiting game until they notice me. Now they think I'm too polite and they consider crossing just to avoid disappointing me -I'm totally in their heads. Most of the times people will just nod or wave a signal for me to pass, but every once in a while they will actually cross the road and offer me precious laughing tears. #Worth
10. It's cold and sometimes it is wise for me to wear gloves. There are these days that I walk back from work and it's like a 25-minute walk. I put on my headphones, start Spotify, skip to a song I like, put on my gloves and start walking; all those in this specific order. Most of the times there will be a really awful song on the playlist that I need to skip and here is my problem; my gloves. I can't press shit on my touchscreen with the gloves on. So I consider my options. I can take off a glove press the "next" button and move on with my life, however due to the cold this is not optimal. Optimal would be gloves that can use a touchscreen. So I go for my second option and I start hitting my screen with my nose trying to aim for the correct button. And there I am, walking on the sidewalk, nose pecking my phone like Woody woodpecker. The first time I almost nose-dialed a friend by mistake trying to skip Taylor Swift ;She is annoying. On another occasion I hit "pause". That's just great... Now I have to nose-peck two buttons, to get the #starbucksLovers off my ears. Eventually I googled for these gloves above and, apparently, they exist. Thing is by that moment i was already a pro at nose-phoning. I can hit the right button, every f*cking time, now. I am seriously considering texting the same way from now on. #challengeAccepted

PS: I had a couple more stuff to write about but this is too long already. That being said, I hope it will not take me another month to get down to writing again. Expect me. Dunno maybe next time I'll write something about music. I'll be Bach! xD

tl;dr: I know this time it is actually too long to read, but ask yourself this: What would Jesus do? Jesus would read this. But if you're not the #randomJesusOnMyFriendlist, it's ok for you to walk away. Pobody's nerfect!

Prpp out \m/
