---
layout:     post
title:      "Geneva 101"
subtitle:   "Originally posted as 'Gotta Say..."
date:       2015-09-28 02:06:00
author:     "Nick Androulakis"
header-img: "img/post-bg-02.jpg"
---

<p>
1. According to Zipf's law, 80% of the points you will find interesting in this post, will be found on 20% of the whole thing. Given the fact, this is a ten-bullet "Gotta Say", you should find them, two, and move on with your lives to be time efficient. However, this is not one of them. Sorry for wasting your time :).</p>
<p>
2. You should heavily invest emotionally on some people. You just have to find them first. You don't need a lot of them, but make sure they know their place. The rest are just buffer people, you don't really care for. I mean you like them, however do you(?). </p>
<p>
3. Performing a search for "Tarantino soundtracks" on Spotify for the first time, could be -and maybe, should be- an #achievementUnlocked titled "It took you a while" or "You have some taste after all". It finally occurred to me just a few weeks ago. Ever since, my new ringtone is the GoT_shame_bells and I cry myself to sleep at night. I just feel bad. Unchain my heart, Quentin, please! </p>
<p>
4. When I ask people if they use it, most of them refer to Snapchat as the sexting app. Assuming that is the general approach, I might as well say a couple of things. I'll start with -Yes, it is. Thing is, Snapchat can be so much more! I cannot, and definitely will not, give a lot of credit because it is a crappy, poorly designed, app imho. On the other hand, it is just for fun and is, for sure, such a creative way of expressing your everyday, meaningless, side. It has a shitload of hidden features too! Go ahead and check the semi-transparent color and stuff. Shit is cool -shit is legit. You are welcome facebook friends. #snapchatPromoPost</p>
<p>
5. Friendly shots-fired on my sister's last #exwNaPost and now my mind is down a very dark path. I can't stop thinking us two taking care of business on #epicRapBattlesOfHistory. I know, right? That's crazy and even if my "history" is stronger than hers, I wish we could just change category and get the pink one. You know, the one with the tv shows and the movies. But then again that would be waaaaay2ez.</p>
<p>
6. I would run five hundred miles and I would walk five hundred more to have my internet connection restored. Seriously now, those days are dark and full of terror mainly because they, always, happen to be days with a clear schedule. Like ALWAYS. Of course there are in-house alternatives. I would grab my guitar but for how long? I would eat forever but I read somewhere it's not healthy(?). Don't believe anything you read online. Don't be dumb. Eat forever. Generally the only thing worse than internetlessness-yes that's a word now, google it- is a diet. #itIsDecided</p>
<p>
7. Genetically modified food sounds scary to some people. Actually in greek modified is translated exactly the same way as mutant. Of course, eating something that hangs around in sewers and loves pizza sounds weird. Or even the other guy with the long nails coming off his fists. I'll pass on that too, thank you very much. Of course, OF COURSE. But maaaaaybe. Maybe, it comes down to bad marketing. I mean why would you even call it genetically modified food? "Actually, it's scien-" Shut your face. No one appreciates a show off. I say we take some notes from Apple. No, #iFood is not that good, but what about #foods (fud-es)? Yes, like the new iPhone. Don't you get it? The humanity was waiting for so long for this very moment. We kept food safe, as a non-countable word, for a reason. Everything now makes absolute sense. Everything is connected. #foods, it's gonna be a thing. Remember me. This is my design.</p>
<p>
8. So there's this study I read about, they did on a sample of 230,768 people. They did a statistical analysis and proved that when you use specific numbers on your lies you have 87.6% higher chances of making your audience believe them. Aaaand, that was one of them -_-. I just hope you dont feel abused. Not that I would care. </p>
<p>
9. I'm writing these last few bullets, while I casually fly over the Alps. Yes, I just said that. Fyi, the Alps are mostly white today. Also Eddie Vedder is sad in my ear, cause his girl died in a car accident :/ ~Oh where, oh where can my baby be? The lord took her away from me. She's gone to heaven so I got to be good so I can see my baby when I leave this world.~ This song is actually emotional gold. </p>
<p>
10. One of these days I'm gonna miss #souvlaki so much, it will haunt my dreams. I'm pretty sure, in the end, I will go down in Geneva to have one, just to disappoint my appetite cause it can be the worst souvlaki i will ever have. I'm not ready yet! Thank god, falafel is great here. I'm cheating on souvlaki with falafel, call me a #junkFoodWhore.</p>
<p>
tl;dr -> Hey Jesus! It's me again :/</p>
<p>
Prpp out \m/</p>
