---
layout:     post
title:      "Outdated thoughts"
subtitle:   "Originally posted as 'Gotta Say...'"
date:       2015-12-24 15:46:00
author:     "Nick Androulakis"
header-img: "img/post-bg-04.jpg"
---

1. Outdated, like the following intro. One would expect a Star Wars reference opening this one. One will be disappointed. Here you will find scattered thoughts documented as they occurred, somewhere during the past two months. Proceed at your own risk. Reader discretion advised.

2. Previously on Gotta Say... lol that's too soon. This is like the fourth post and you want already to open like that? People will be like "What the f*ck is Gotta Say?" and "Why haven't I unfriended this annoying dude yet?". But... but I was ready to -you know- give them some intro theme music to open on another tab, while reading my epic prologue. Nobody cares bro! Maaaaybe some other time -maybe on my blog; when that's done-. Thank god I finished Mr. Robot, cause lately I've been talking to myself more than I need to. I mean this guy can be a real pain in the ass.

3. Movember, this time of the year, when guys that don't actually like shaving, shave. No surprise there, I mean everybody loves trends. They love the puns too, so let me think. Oh yeah "Time to shave the world". You think that was 2ez probably. If you think about it, it is just an everyday quote for barbers. Well, I admit it was poorly designed, so let's try one more. Hmm... "Shaving Ryan's privates". Even if I made me laugh, I feel like I have to elaborate, so that I don't sound like a pervert. So, obviously it's a reference to "Saving private Ryan". Less obvious to most people, is that the whole Movember thing is about testicular cancer, among other things and, since "privates" is short for private parts, meaning genitals; there you have it, I'm funny -or gross, you decide- I don't care, I could even go like "Shaving privates Ryan's" and claim some next level Yoda syntax B| - Happy Star Wars pipol!

4. Next year the section, that both me and my heart belong to, is moving to another department and group. So now we are under "Finance, Administration, Procedures" department and "Treasury, Reporting and Processes" group. Basically you can say now that I'm in the FAP department aaaand my group is a TRaP. xD Kudos and many thanks!

5. I'm in the same flight as Boyz'n'Noiz. OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG. Actually I've only heard they exist once before, in a conversation with a teenager. Which makes sense, since it's a greek teen boyband. Imagine One Direction; from Lidl B|. Just from the attitude I could tell they are the REAL DEAL, you know? Indoors sunglasses and stuff - the whole package. It wasn't very hard to identify them, really. At first, I was sure, this was a boyband; pretty faces with a cool manager around. It also helped that they kept throwing their group name out in the air with stupid excuses like "We went there and it was super quiet and everyone was like hoooow can this be - Boyz'n'Noiz and no noizzzzzz". Popstars! The good kind too. Oh, I wish I could hit that high -I don't give a f*ck- note, but I'm too old for this shit :/

EDIT: When I got off the plane there was a crowd gathered to welcome them to Heraklion - like 30 girls. They were setting rules "Ok so nobody will jump him and tear him apart. He belongs to all of us". Rofl, just #rofl.

6. I'm stupid. I don't intend to offend really stupid people so let's say I feel stupid. So, I feel stupid; planning a two-days trip to Greece, with attention to detail, just to arrive in front of my house at 2AM and to realize I have no keys to access the building. I feel stupid; being in that specific moment, absolutely mad at myself already, yet to realize I forgot my coat at the bar I was an hour ago. It's ok -no it's not. I feel stupid; having to go to the airport to spend the night till my morning flight. I feel stupid; eating at mcdonald's to pass the time -actually I like eating junk food, so that was time well-spent. I feel stupid; sleeping at the airport gate. To be honest I don't believe in stupidity. Stupid me, you're a part of me. Dummy me, you belong with me.

7. I have a weird relationship with airplane food. You know how airplane food is most of the times more "meh" rather than "huh"? Given the fact I'm a foodie under cover -my cover being a huge pile of delicious junk food- I should neither be interested nor impressed, however I have this thing. I need -yes, "need" is the word of choice- to eat every last thing served on the plane. Just note that I mean the portion served to me; I do not go around the plane eating other people's food. Point is, airplane food is meant to be diverse to fill different tastes in, let's say, breakfast. So you have some bread and butter, with some marmalade on the side. Plus you get something like scrumbled eggs and, last but not least, there is yogurt with honey. All those acompanied by orange juice and/or coffee of course. Now a normal person would there are choices to be made here; not me though. Have you met me? I ate EVERYTHING. I had coffee AND orange juice. MISTAKES WERE MADE. I feel this is part of my ticket; I paid for this food and now it is under my responsibility. What I'm sayin' is that if don't eat that food, no one will. I am in charge of this situation. This food will not go to waste. And what about the children starving in other places on this planet? - What about them? No no don't go there. ENOUGH! Enough with the fake motives. Truth is I would eat the airplane wings if there was bbq sauce involved.

8. "I guess the key to a lot of things is balance. Whether is balance of power. Balance in love. Or sometimes... just balance. For some of us it seems too far out of reach. Too difficult to achieve. But the important thing is just to never stop trying. Especially if you like girls named Alex... and chicken salad." Just a great quote form Scrubs; a must-see series if you have... -you know- a soul. Of course, Alex ended up to be an addict stealing meds behind JD's back, or something. It seems that Alex may not worth our time JD; chicken salad on the other side... Think about it! Note to self: Hunt a chicken on the way back to the village you live in. Oh, and grab mayo from the store. Chicken salad, facebook friends, the easiest thing after... -now at this point I would say "your mother" but I don't want to sound offensive so I'm taking the high road on this one- the easiest thing after this backflip I just did while typing. How I wish you were here, then I could offer you some chicken salad.

9. Lately, I am taking planes regularly; at least compared to previous years. One would say that I'm pretty fly for a white guy #badJokes - couldn't resist, I don't care. Stay on point. YES, BRAIN. Lemme start from the top. People tend to get scared on flights and that is focused a lot on the take-off and the landing. These two phases are actually similar on a danger scale - I mean a plane either works or it doesn't- however, the latter one is more drama-heavy. That is probably because after take-off you can't actually just relax, since there is still the landing on the way. You are half-way there, but not there yet. So, I guess it would be fair to say that people are focusing their negative energy on the landing. So the plane is heading downwards and you are holding your breath just until the wheels touch the ground. The following seconds are crucial for you because the plane is kinda bouncing like Snoop Dogg in da hood. And then, the stress relief. You can actually hear people around you exhaling air off their lungs. You can see random smiles. I mean, I remember passengers in the past that started clapping. Wtf? This fake trust towards the pilot suddenly breaking out. Like "the take-off was ok, but you really nailed the landing! Congrats". I noticed they don't do that anymore. Have we become more mature as a species? Not really. I'm pretty sure everyone is still clapping in their heads.

EDIT: Guys, guys!- And grills!- Actually on my last flight people clapped when we touched the ground. Faith in humanity: Restored! B|

10. I was in a committee room providing tech assistance some time ago, when the mouse started to malfunction. At first, I offered my notepad as a mousepad cause the desk surface could be the issue. The user tried it and thanked me since, I guess, it made a difference. After like 10 minutes the mouse was not responding properly again. So, because it was a wireless one I assumed it had to do with that and then I noticed this thing a bit further, behind the mouse below the screen. "Oh yeah, that's the mouse detector thingie, it's facing the wrong direction!" I said and I stood up to reach it and reposition it to face the mouse. I was already there, having my hand over it, when I actually realized that the THINGIE was NOT a mouse detector. It was presenter; you know, a presentation pointer, that actually had a front similar to a detector, in my defence. Keeping my cool, I moved it anyway B|. Now the user tried once more. "Oh thanks, Nick. That's perfect now. You, computer guys, know everything!" she said. And no more errors occurred that day... PLACEBO MOTHERF*CKERS! IT F*CKING WORKS xD.

P.S.: Papakaliatis, you scumbag.

Merry Poppins

Prpp out \m/
