---
layout:     post
title:      "Xmas special"
subtitle:   "Originally posted as 'Gotta Say...'"
date:       2016-01-07 19:08:00
author:     "Nick Androulakis"
header-img: "img/post-bg-05.jpg"
---

4. It's been a wild Christmas period! I mean we had a new Star Wars episode in our hands so I had to prepare. So I watched 6 Star Wars in 3 days and, on the 4th day I got tickets to the latest addition to this awesome universe. I want to keep this one SPOILER FREE, so I will not actually talk at all about the movie itself or those things that were the SAME, but DIFFERENT, but STILL THE SAME... Through the whole series with all those variables, I just have to say something about a constant of this world. Original music by John Williams; Give that man a cookie! - And a hug; everybody needs one :).

5. One of my best friends, actually, made a case about the "X" in Xmas, being part of a dark marketing plot, acting like a religion variable. The concept is that Christmas needed to grow apart from Christianity, so that people would spend money regardless. Furthermore he does not accept that Xmas is just an abbreviation of Christmas, claiming that it is just an excuse xD #sureJan. Although we laugh at him, mainly because he deserves it, I have to admit he has a point; there is nothing more consumer-driven than the Santa himself. I am referring to that fat guy in red, drinking Coca Cola and sitting all day on his ass. Who the fuck is that guy anyways? And why did our parents think it was ok to let us hang around with him, let alone sit on his lap? How is all this acceptable? I mean, you would expect people to actually beat up an old guy going around singing in heavy tone anywhere close to their children. People are weird and Santa is weirder. That had to be said. Next Christmas- Xmas, whatever- do not tolerate this shit. Do not hand over your kid to Santa's lap. Do you even realize that SANTA IS ACTUALLY AN ANAGRAM FOR SATAN? What would Jesus do? What would Oprah say? Don't be the same-old consumer next year! You don't have to BUY a present. You just have to BE present #deepShit.

6. Roundabouts again! Roundabouts everywhere in my hometown. This is not really a surprise cause you could see the signs in the past. Every new road, or reconstruction of an old one, had these perfect round thingies instead of crossroads. The surprise is that now they started to jump out frequently even downtown. I couldn't be more happy this Xmas and I applaud whoever is behind all this! Now there's only one thing left; my hommies need to learn how to drive. As a pedestrian crossing a roundabout you have all those zebra lines around it, which is cool. Actually that is cool only if drivers respect the zerba lines #justSayin. Let's just hope and believe that one day the greek driver will notice the white bars on the ground and truly understand what they stand for. They stand for the simple man who just wants one thing; to cross the f*cking road in peace. I am here, waiting for you to react and sing along "Hello from the other side". Go home Adele, you're drunk. Nobody calls a thousand times, you creep. Get the message! Jeeeesus.

1. You know it's Christmas when you find yourself sitting on the couch with your first-degree relatives and enjoying family movies. In Greece this is literally what this holiday stands for- after the food of course- and if I had to pick a standout movie of the kind that would be "Home Alone". To go a little bit further, I will dismiss the first ,even if that's the original, and go straight to the sequel because it's Xmas and you know- you've seen it- it takes place in snowy New York. I have two points to make. Firstly, HOW THE FUCK you forget your kid AGAIN after all the mess that occurred on the previous movie. Ok, I get it; you have a big family, but it's the same one twice in a row. I mean dude! Don't you think that's a little bit suspicious? You people are so rich, you pour money down the drain. "Oh crap! I lost Kevin again. Bummer!" "It's okay honey. Let's throw money at the problem till it's solved. Just book the first flight for NY on new year's eve" #firstWorldProblems. Oh you would do everything to have Kevin in your arms once again, wouldn't you? Other stuff like $$$ have no value compared to the divine human life. You made your point, movie, that's enough. You want to showcase how important is Kevin to his family. Maybe- I say maaaaybe- they should not leave him back every now and then #justSayin. Now, BRAIN, take me to that second point cuz I forgot. Hmm, oh yeah! In both movies mr Culkin fights the same two burglars and in the second one they are more careful not to fall into his traps. However, because they are in another city they assume the boy will not have anything set up for them. Of course this is not the case, and Kevin fills his uncle's place- or something- with various traps, but I will not get into that- focus- YES BRAIN. So, the kid lures the villains into position and he get on the roof from which he open the menu with the entree; bricks. BRICKS, F*CKING BRICKS! WTF? Just for the record, it was a 2-floor apartment. That takes our hero to the 3rd level a.k.a. the roof. Throwing a red brick from such height is seriously dangerous and it really shouldn't matter who you are aiming for. He drops 4 consecutive bricks on the same target, all of them right on the forehead! Bullseye, the guy was just... dizzy. Are you serious mr family-movie-producer? Wasn't fun enough beating up the bad guys, having them slipping on ice or falling down the stairs? Children idolize Kevin McCallister, being the badass kid who stands his ground against evil grown-ups. Is it really necessary to have him tossing bricks off the roof, getting'em headshots? Come on, mr moneymaker. Nobody wants teenagers on high-ground defending their private property. Cause in the end this actually seemed very awesome to me. Right afterwards I was craving to live my own tower defense. What was left from your little family sequel, was that no one could really get hurt by a couple of bricks in the face. Kudos! Thank god I'm out of bricks.

2. This is me LIVE from a plane again -what a surprise- and I am sitting kinda in the middle of a family. To paint the picture for y'all, I have seat C and on my left is the father and the daughter, while on my right is the mother with the son. Typical cross-gender family seating #justSayin. Actually this flight is really awesome because the girl is constantly talking, ever since we fastened our seat-belts. You would expect me to be annoyed, however she is making my trip interesting enough. Reason is she is schooling her father. "Listen dad, now we are about to take off." "Are we really?" "Yes, you don't know it but it will happen now. Now the plane will go very very fast and after that we will be flying!". At last, a girl that knows her shit xD. "Dad, now we are flying because the plane is like a downhill". You know, I have to double-check that we are going upwards and not downwards because she sounds so trustworthy... Ok, check. "Cool now we are going to order food!" "Are you sure? They usually bring it to us". "Dad! Dad, you don't know, you will see. They are taking our order and then they cook for us in the kitchen" WAIT A MINUTE. There is a kitchen on the plane of which I am not aware! "Where is this kitchen, honey?" her dad asked kinda amused with a trollish attitude. DO YOU THINK IT'S FUNNY MISTER? Talking about an imaginary kitchen on a plane that serves yogurt every f*cking time? "Yes dad, of course there is a kitchen. Duh? It's on the back of the plane! That's where they prepare our orders." OKAY BRAIN, FALSE ALARM. Put down your pitchforks, pipol! It seems that there is actually a kitchen here and we are having proper airplane food. So, basically, now I am waiting to give my order. Hmm, I think I'm having a burger. Yep, burger it is. #noooooooooot

3. I am writing this last piece from my french village; yeah... back to work :/. My return to my place was interesting. I wont say I was surprised but my house was a mess. It was not dirty- well you could say that too- just things everywhere. We were accommodating friends before the holidays so we have some excuses. So let's say the inflatable bed was still there. Then, we had some big boxes in the house, after a big thomann shipment arrived just before we left for Greece- so I unwrapped and left everything there xD. Hmm what else... And some luggage in the hallway- that are not even ours. Next to them you could find some plastic bags with leftover booze from a friends party and on the right another bag with meds this time. All of them on the floor. Some laundry to be done too. Last but not least we had this specific corner, that we call, the recycling corner. There we gather paper wrappings in a huuuuuge- like humongous huge- plastic bag in order to get them eventually to the recycling bin. Because we care about the environment, then again do we? Not the point. BRAIN what was the point here? Help me out brother. Yes, yes. Point is I should do less typing and more tiding up my ecosystem so that the living organisms inside don't give up on life.

7. You can read 4 again; It's exactly the same B

tl;dr -> Just some thoughts in Star Wars order. You don't have to read them. Class dismissed!

Prpp out \m/
